.TH xlayout 1
.SH NAME
xlayout \- Manipulate X11 windows and pointer from console
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xlayout [ACTIONS] [OPTIONS]
.I ""
.SH DESCRIPTION
xlayout controls the position and size of X11 windows or pointer from a console
or remotely. Some of the features include hiding or setting a window on top of 
all others, easing the X, Y, width and height of a window into its new location.
.SS ACTIONS
.TP
.I "\-h \-\-help"
Display information and examples of how to use xlayout.
.TP
.I "\-\-version"
Display version and author information for xlayout.
.TP
.I "\-l \-\-list"
List all windows on the given display. This returns the windows name,id, mask,
and visibility state. The list of windows are indented to display parent/child
information about the windows.
.TP
.I "\-i \-\-info"
Display information on the window or pointer. If the -p, --pointer options are
provided, display the information about the pointer. If the -n,--name or the
-w,--id options are set, display information on the window provided.
.TP
.I "\-s \-\-set"
Set the window or pointer to a value specified with the geometry option.
.TP
.I "\-e \-\-ease"
When the libease library is installed, the ease option becomes available. This
gives you the option to set the window or pointer to a new location in stages
provided by the easing library. These stages are defined by the type of easing
method used.
.TP
.I "\-u \-\-show"
When a window is unmasked (aka. hidden), the show option changes the windows
mask to visible. If the -p, --pointer option is set, the show option unhides
the hidden pointer.
.TP
.I "\-h \-\-hide"
Hides a window or the pointer. When the -n, --name or the -w, --id option is
given, the hide option sets the windows state to unmasked. If you set the
-p, --pointer option, the pointers cursor is set to an invisible cursor.
.TP
.I "\-t \-\-top"
Set the window specified with the -n, --name or -w, --id options to be on top
of all the other windows.
.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.I "\-v \-\-verbose int[0-10] (DEFAULT 5)"
The verbose option increases or descreses the verbosity of xlayout. By default
the verbosity is set to 5. If no value is given, the verbose option increases
the verbosity by 1. If a value is provided, the value is taken as an absolute
value. When nesting xlayout within scripts, a value of 1 should be entered.
.TP
.I "\-d \-\-display host:display (localhost:0.0)"
Set the server and display to use. If unspecified, :0.0 is used as the default.
To connect to a remote server, specify the uri as follows: my.example.com:0.0
.TP
.I "\-g \-\-geometry (<width>x<height>+<xposition>+<yposition>)"
Set the window or pointers geometry. If the -p, --pointer option is set, the
geometry option sets the pointer to the position set in the xposition and the
yposition values. The width and height values are ignored.
.sp
When the -n, --name or -w, id options are set, the geometry option sets the
given window to the width, height, xposition, and yposition specified in the
geometry string. (WxH+X+Y eg. 800x600+0+0)
.TP
.I "\-p \-\-pointer"
Set xlayout to run all actions on the pointer instead of the window.
.TP
.I "\-w \-\-id hex(0x00024)"
Set the window ID to use. (No default)
.TP
.I "\-n \-\-name windowname(xterm)"
Set the window name to use. (No default)(Will use the first window of that name)
.TP
.I "\-\-root"
When the root option is set, all actions that would normally be run on a window
will be run on the root display instead (this is normally the desktop).
.TP
.I "\-f \-\-fullscreen"
Set the window to the size of the windows current display. If the set display
contains multiple screens and is set to stretch across all screens, the window
will be streched across all screens.
.TP
.SH MORE INFORMATION
http://freedesktop.org
.sp .3
http://www.stroppytux.net/projects/xlayout/
.SH "AUTHORS"
Gary Broadbent (xlayout@stroppytux.net)
